Well you already learn a lot about routing.
We're nearing the end but did you ever wonder what happens if we enter something here which we don't
cover look like let's say you just slash something.
We get an error because clearly we don't have a route with Slash something here.
So that is something we probably want to improve.
We want to do some 4 0 for error handling.
We maybe want to redirect the user to a specific page.
Whenever he tries to wisit a page we don't have.
These are the topics I'll focus on next.
Setting up a router which handles all routes.
We don't have set up and redirecting requests not necessarily to topics you use to gabber but also not
that uncommon.
So let's start with redirecting.
Let's say we add a new component to our application and I will use the seal forwarders with DGC for
generate component command and I'll name it.
Page not found a page not found component which was added a year in our app folder and this new page
not found a folder like Order of the spec file.
And here I will simply say in the template This page was not found something like this.
Now I want to render this page in let's say the case that we with it a certain route.
I'll add it.
You're at the bottom where the path is for now something and it has something case here.
I want to load my page not found component.
Of course make sure that you added two declarations and so on.
Because we're still using it in our app of course.
So with this in place if we now save this go back to our application and Wizard slash something we of
course see this page was not found.
Now let's change something to not found and let's make sure that once we add another new route which
then is something let's say we don't also have to add component here but we redirect to another route
to the not found route maybe four days.
We get another property we can add to any route conflict here.
So of course to any of the other routes if you don't want to specify a component to load you can say
redirect to.
Now this is an alternative to component component loads dispersive component redirect to redirect to
another path.
So here you can specify any path and the path maybe now is slash not found.
So now if you do this you'll see that it automatically redirect.
So let me show you this again by typing slash something.
What do you Wordle it redirects to slash not found.
And all the operads of course still work.
So this is how we can use redirection.
Now of course it's not very convenient to define slash something here because you probably can't define
all possible wrong you're out to use recopy can enter.
So a more convenient way to catch all routes which are not covered by your app is to use the double
asterisk Routier daises the wild card route which means catch all payoffs.
You don't know and the order is super important here.
Make sure that this very generic route is the last one in your area of routes because your routes get
parsed from top to bottom here.
So if this was actually at the beginning you would always get redirected.
As I can quickly show you by saving this like this now no matter where you click you always are redirected
not found.
So make sure this is the last route you're in your set up.
And with this now all the other routes work but if you enter anything in Valletta year you always get
redirected to not found because now you're using this wild card route catching all routes which are
unknown to angler at this point of time once it reaches this line here and which then redirects to the
not found route which displaced placed a page not found page or component.
This is how you can redirect and make sure you catch shrouds.
You're not covering right now.